This is Anger Watkins.
    This is Leo.  
cable /ˈkeɪb(ə)l/  
    有线电视  
Folk /fəʊk/  
    家人,兄弟  
broach /brəʊtʃ/  
    提出  
have airtime to do sth.  

greatest of all time  

open the lines  

gonna 
    going to  
Jesus /ˈdʒiːzəs/
    耶稣  
blather /ˈblæðə(r)/  
    胡言乱语  
Rage /reɪdʒ/  
    愤怒  
What the hell is your problem?  
    Your problem is the hell.  
    What's wrong with you?  
give me a take  

Stockton /ˈstɒktən/

demigod /ˈdemiɡɒd/
    uzi, Kobe  
Shame /ʃeɪm/  

flush /flʌʃ/
  
ain't /eɪnt/

audio effect /ɪˈfekt/  
    音效  
kebab /kɪˈbæb/
    烧烤  
slice /slaɪs/  
    split???  
sausage /ˈsɒsɪdʒ/
    香肠  
dumb /dʌm/  
    愚蠢  
jerk /dʒɜːk/  
    笨蛋  
put sth. on  
    把某物放上去  
host n.  
    主人,主持人  

This is Anger Watkins, and you're watching basic cable's 
    angriest sports show.  
Folks, this is difficult to say,
    but, today, I'm angry!  
I like how angry he is.  
I want to broach a topic 
    that no one else has the airtime to fill to discuss.  
Greatest of All Time.  
LeBron, Kobe or MJ?  
I'll tell you why you're all wrong!  
Let's open the lines.  
The producer says I'm gonna go on.  
Please, Sports Jesus, 
    guide my blather.  
Welcome to Rage Nation.  
What the hell is your problem?  
Uh, first-time listener, 
    long-time caller.  
So, I, uh...  
Give me a take!  
Anger needs a take.  
Who is number one?  
Uh, John Stockton!  
John Stockton?!  
We're trying to have our daily conversation 
    in which we rank and re-rank three demigods,  
    and you bring John "Never Won a Title" Stockton into the mix?!  
Shame! For shame!  
Dodbye. On!  
Homer, you got flushed.  
A man who don't know sports,  
um, he ain't much of a man.  
You're nothing to me now.
Just a husband and father.  

Stupid Anger Watkins  
flushing me with an audio effect.
Why not eat your feelings with a cheer-up kebab?
Let's see. Pizza slice,  
summer sausage...  
Here you go.  
It was only a dumb call-in show.
Easy for you to say.
If that jerk didn't like sports notions,
listen to someone else.
The Internet's full of homemade sports shows.
Anyone could put one on,
I mean, even... Don't say "You."
Don't say "You."  
Even you.
Damn it.
Oh, yes. Of course!
An Internet sports talk show!
But where could I find a host
    who thinks all my opinions are great?  
Me.  
Marge, prepare a congratulations kebab.  








    


    